Add License & Update Readme (#1)
magento/magento-cloud-patches: README.md

# Magento Cloud Patches

## Welcome

> Magento Cloud Patches is a set of patches, previously used within ECE-Tools to improve integration of all Magento versions with Cloud and deliver critical fixes on the fly. Starting with ece-tools `2002.0.22`/`2002.1.0`, this package is required to provide same patching flow as in ece-tools `2002.0.21` and earlier versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning with ece-tools version `2002.0.22`/`2002.1.0`, the Magento Cloud Patches package will provide the same patching flow previously delivered with ece-tools version `2002.0.21` and earlier.

The Magento Cloud Patches package contains a set of patches that help integrate any version of Magento into the Cloud environment and deliver critical fixes when needed.
```

The reason I switched this around a little...it seemed like the sentence about ece-tools versions is a note more than an explanation of the patches. It is a qualifier you can delete later. The second sentence is about the Patches package (say that five times fast) and it seemed better to introduce the next section.

Reviewer 2: Sounds much better :-)

> Magento Cloud Patches is a set of patches, previously used within ECE-Tools to improve integration of all Magento versions with Cloud and deliver critical fixes on the fly. Starting with ece-tools `2002.0.22`/`2002.1.0`, this package is required to provide same patching flow as in ece-tools `2002.0.21` and earlier versions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Magento Cloud Patches package is a set of patches, previously used within the ece-tools package to improve the integration of all Magento versions with Cloud environments and to deliver critical fixes quickly. Beginning with ece-tools version 2002.0.22 and 2002.1.0, the Magento Cloud Patches  package is required so that patches can be applied with same workflow used in  ece-tools 2002.0.21 and earlier versions.
```

Reviewer 2: Integration with the Cloud *platform* or *environments*?

Author: Environments (since some patches affect only int/stg/prod flows).

## Contributing to Magento Cloud Patches Code Base

> You can submit pull requests to fix potential bugs. If you find a bug or have a new suggestion, let us know by creating a Github issue.

Reviewer 2: Can they submit requests to extend functionality? (You can submit issues and pull requests to extend functionality or fix potential bugs.)

Author: Nope, not in this repo. I deleted this part it in this repo.

> You can submit pull requests to fix potential bugs. If you find a bug or have a new suggestion, let us know by creating a Github issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can submit issues and pull requests to extend functionality or fix potential bugs. If you find a bug or have a new suggestion, let us know by creating a Github issue.
```

Author: No new functionality for this one. I deleted this part

> *Please note:* this repository is not an official support channel. To get project-specific help, please create support ticket through [Support Portal](https://support.magento.com). Support-related issues will be closed with the request to open a support ticket.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** This repository is not an official support channel. To get project-specific help, create a support ticket through the [Magento Support Portal](https://support.magento.com). Support-related issues will be closed with the request to open a support ticket.
```

> *Please note:* this repository is not an official support channel. To get project-specific help, please create support ticket through [Support Portal](https://support.magento.com). Support-related issues will be closed with the request to open a support ticket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This repository is not an official support channel. To receive project-specific help, submit a support ticket using the [Support Portal](https://support.magento.com). Any support-related issues opened in this repository will be closed with a request to open a support ticket.
```

# Magento Cloud Suite
The Magento Cloud Suite includes a set of packages designed to deploy and manage Magento Commerce installations on the Cloud platform.
- The [ece-tools package](https://github.com/magento/ece-tools) - A set of scripts and tools designed to manage and deploy Cloud projects
- [Magento Cloud Components](https://github.com/magento/magento-cloud-components) package - Extended Magento Commerce core functionality for sites deployed on the Cloud platform
- [Magento Cloud Docker](https://github.com/magento/magento-cloud-docker) package - Functionality and Docker images to deploy Magento Commerce to a local Cloud environment

> - [Magento Cloud Patches](https://github.com/magento/magento-cloud-patches) package - Set of patches which improve integration of all Magento versions with Cloud environments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Magento Cloud Patches](https://github.com/magento/magento-cloud-patches) package - A set of patches that help integrate any version of Magento into the Cloud environment and deliver critical fixes when needed.
```

> - [Magento Cloud Patches](https://github.com/magento/magento-cloud-patches) package - Set of patches which improve integration of all Magento versions with Cloud environments

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Magento Cloud Patches](https://github.com/magento/magento-cloud-patches) package - Set of patches which improve the integration of all Magento versions with Cloud environments.
```

Reviewer: Don't place a period after it if none of the others in the list have a period.

## Useful Resources
- [Release Notes](https://github.com/magento/magento-cloud-patches/releases)
- [Magento Cloud Guide DevDocs](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/cloud/bk-cloud.html)
- [Cloud Knowledge Base and Support](https://support.magento.com)
- [Cloud Slack Channel](https://magentocommeng.slack.com) (join #cloud and #cloud-docker)

## License
Each Magento source file included in this distribution is licensed under OSL-3.0 license.

> Please see [LICENSE.txt](https://github.com/magento/magento-cloud-patches/blob/develop/LICENSE.txt) for the full text of the [Open Software License v. 3.0 (OSL-3.0)](http://opensource.org/licenses/osl-3.0.php).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [LICENSE.txt](https://github.com/magento/magento-cloud-patches/blob/develop/LICENSE.txt) for the full text of the [Open Software License v. 3.0 (OSL-3.0)](http://opensource.org/licenses/osl-3.0.php).
```
